docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "githubipallowlist Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# githubipallowlist Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "githubipallowlist" {
  token        = "foo"
  organization = "your-org-name"
  base_url     = "https://your-github-enterprise-instance.com/graphql"
  concurrency  = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `base_url` (String) The GitHub base GraphQL API URL. Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_BASE_URL environmental variable.
- `concurrency` (Number) Concurrency of the client. Determines maximum number of concurrent requests to the GitHub GraphQL API. Used to control rate limiting. Default: 1.
- `organization` (String) The GitHub organization name to manage. Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_ORGANIZATION environmental variable.
- `token` (String) Personal Access Token (classic). Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_TOKEN environmental variable.

Commit message:

feat: Add support for an enterprise allow list
The provider only supports managing GitHub IP allow list entries on an organization level.

This change adds support for managing GitHub IP allow list entries on an enterprise level.

Client's implementation is based on an existing code. The only difference is a function fetching allow list entries as the API differs between organization and enterprise.
Although GetEnterpriseIPAllowListEntries is a new method, the code itself is basically a copy/paste from GetOrganizationIPAllowListEntries with adapted queries. Given there's already a high degree of code reuse in the codebase (or at least I think so) I felt like duplicating these two methods make sense considering they have different purpose and implementations may diverge in the future.
To adapt provider's code to client's changes I introduced a simple dependency injection. This way it's transparent to a resource whether it's created on an enterprise or an organization level.

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "githubipallowlist Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# githubipallowlist Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "githubipallowlist" {
  token        = "foo"
  organization = "your-org-name"
  base_url     = "https://your-github-enterprise-instance.com/graphql"
  concurrency  = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `base_url` (String) The GitHub base GraphQL API URL. Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_BASE_URL environmental variable.
- `concurrency` (Number) Concurrency of the client. Determines maximum number of concurrent requests to the GitHub GraphQL API. Used to control rate limiting. Default: 1.
- `enterprise` (String) The GitHub enterprise name to manage. Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_ENTERPRISE environmental variable.
- `organization` (String) The GitHub organization name to manage. Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_ORGANIZATION environmental variable.
- `token` (String) Personal Access Token (classic). Defaults to a value of a GITHUB_TOKEN environmental variable.
